It's you who saved me before, didn't you?
One moment at a time
You offend my Kenshin Temple
I will do justice
This is Mao Zebing's last move
So you have to be the confidant of my minister
Hahahahaha
Did you hear that kid?
Sword Immortal Palace Today
I can't save you.
No, not like this 4 adults
I can't blame you for this.
It's too deceiving now
No murder, it turns out that he was forced to do it helplessly
What should I do if you talk nonsense?
What are you thinking?
Life boundaries
You all saw it just now
This kid
Since I want to kill in front of you
Can't spare him
According to you
What do you think should be done?
he
A thousand knives and a thousand horses
In Chuomianghui
Oh, your feud runs so deep
Lied
Don't get him wrong
I have no personal grudge against him
I'm all for the Immortal Palace
just now
Keep saying that my Sword Immortal Palace
I don't make him deformed
I'm afraid my wire fell
Will it be hard to convince?
Speechless damn
Bar